

I want you to do something for me if you would not mind. Would you care to give me your interpretation of this part of a song?

Listen to Roy Harper's "Another Day" on Youtube

She's at the door, she wants to score
She dearly needs to say
I loved you a long time ago
Where the winds own forget-me-nots blow
But I just couldn.t let myself go
Not knowing what on earth there was to know.
But I wish that I had 'cause I need you so bad
I should have had one of your children.





The precise imagery is this. The woman comes to the man for sex. But the man wants the woman to accept his own dream, that she loved him in a primordial time when the wind itself was in love and forget-me-nots blew but this transition to

a mythical time and the consequent loss of reality was impossible for her because she did not know 'what there was to know'. This mythical world is the lover's world.

Let's be friends and keep getting to know each other.  I am talking to other women so let's keep casual contact.

I would like to have a live in lover in San Fran Mission District loft at some point and establish my company Thyself Inc. there also in the neighborhood


I grew up with English Romantics at an early age, probably nine or ten.  I spent a lot of time on them, Byron, Keats, Shelley, Blake.
Then time passed and I wrote about Milton in college.  It became clearer that Shelley is the greatest of them.

I was shot in eighth grade in Bengal and that was what got me a visa to come to America in 1987. i was medically excused from sports in John Adams High School and was valedictorian in 1991. the peelet lodged in my liver and is still there.

I almost died. The pellet bounced off a path to my heart and was deflected into my liver. But miraculously I survived and the human race could have the final laws of Nature decades later with Four-Sphere Theory.

I survived, went to Princeton University studied Literature but majored in Mathematics, went to graduate school at Columbia University, married a classmate, got separated went to MIT and met another ex, lived in New York during 9/11 went to San Fran in biotech etc. and for the past ten years

worked on finance, fundamental physics, and created a technology company formally that I am now trying to get funded for 33 people in San Fran.

I have plans to do molecular dynamics (with simulations prototyped) and personality psychology uniqueness but also interested in ROMANTIC LOVE for seven billion

these I worked on for past ten years. In between I had failed to produce another tech company.


I am checking to see who knows anything about romantic sublime. otherwise you would just be a pretty face to prove that I exist.

Being in love is extremely dangerous. It is profoundly good when all things line up perfectly and the beloved understands you perfectly. It will destroy you very very fast if they do not.

The world of lovers is an elevated private refuge from the meanness and lowness, the muck and grime of what is called 'reality' which amounts to valuation of very low things, money, material wealth, insolence of office and proud man's contumely, and a thousand injustices that we accept with cold
heart. The fantastic only seem unreal when we adjust our expectations. With your beloved, there is opprtunity to escape it that will allow you to preserve what is best in your soul.
Now when you are trying to be realistic you COMPROMISE all that is beautiful in your soul. Do not let the poison of the enternal world drive your love life. It is the refuge when you have good lover.

I don't date. I have lovers. I married an Argentine-American, was with a Danish lady, both African-American and white American ladies, had interest in an Israeli and a Canadian Jewish lady. I consider the Human Race a single race so I don't worry about this.

SURVEY 
would you mind giving me your score between 1 and 10 for three songs?  radiohead "nude", radiohead "reckoner" and led zeppelin "ten years gone" after hearing them on youtube?

I have made progress on a new metric for romantic compatibility that I will market through my company in the future. It is based on scoring of a list of songs by both parties.

Our compatibility score is 0.12 where 0 is best. It is computed by least-square distance in R^N of our scores normalized to lie between 0-1. The distance is relatively large for us to be soul mates


SIX SONG TEST
listen to two sets of three songs and give me a score for each between 1 and 10 please. (1) Radiohead "Nude", (2) Radiohead "Reckoner", (3) Led Zeppelin "Ten Years Gone", (4) LSD "Thunderclouds", (5) Adele "Fire to the Rain", (6) U2 "Elvis Presley and America"


(1) LSD: Thunderclouds (2) Radohead: Nude (3) Radiohead: Reckoner (4) Led Zeppelin: Ten Years Gone (5) Adele: Fire to the Rain 
(6) Adele: Lovesong (7) U2: Elvis Presley and America (8) Prince: Purple Rain (9) The Verve: Bittersweet Symphony (10) Amy Winehouse: I'm No Good 
(11) Amy Winehouse: Back to Black (12) Amy Winehouse: Love is a Losing Game (13) REM: Losing my religion (14) Lightning crashes (15) Selling the Drama 
(16) Pillar of Davidson (17) Alpine: Hands (18) Imagine Dragons: Demons (19) Imagine Dragons: Radioactive
(20) Passenger: Let Her Go
(21) Radiohead: Black Star

listen to these songs and rank them 1-10 each report like (1) 6 (2) 7 etc.  Take your time no rush.  I have asked many ladies.

i am many things, a scientific revolutionary, worked in Wall Street, biotechnology, technology. studied at Princeton, have ambitions in a science tech company. I am a hetrosexual male.

10 9 9 10 10 10 9 8 10 10 10 9 9 10 9 10 10 9 10 10

the big five personality trait model has five dimensions acronym OCEAN O=openness, C=conscientiousness, E=extraversion, A=agreeableness, N=neuroticism.  you can search google for IPIP questionnaire and determine the values yourself.